README.md, before:

# 02-Responsive-Portfolio

The objective of this project is to familiarize myself with Bootstrap 4 and responsive design.

In doing so, I need to create `index.html`, `portfolio.html` and `contact.html` and develop my portfolio site with the following items:

-   A navbar

-   A responsive layout

-   Responsive images

Furthermore, the Bootstrap portfolio should minimize the use of media queries.

### Minimum Requirements

Here are the minimum requirements:

-   Functional, deployed application

-   GitHub repository with README describing the project

-   Navbar must be consistent on each page.

-   Navbar on each page must contain links to Home/About, Contact, and Portfolio pages.

-   All links must work.

-   Must use semantic html.

-   Each page must have valid and correct HTML. (use a validation service)

-   Must contain your personalized information. (bio, name, images, links to social media, etc.)

-   Must properly utilize Bootstrap components and grid system.

### Bonus

The bonus part is to make a `sticky footer` and use `sub-rows` and `sub-column` on my portfolio site.

## Submission on BCS

I am required to submit the following:

-   The URLs of the deployed applications

-   The URLs of the GitHub repositories

Commit message:

Using semantic html tags and seprating nav and footer from main div section.

README.md, after:

# 02-Responsive-Portfolio

### Description

This repository (02-Responsive-Portfolio) is my personal portfolio by utilising the advantages of Bootstrap 4. The objective of this responsive portfolio is to create a mobile-first application and to render it well on a variety of devices and window or screen sizes.

In doing so, I have created `index.html`, `portfolio.html` and `contact.html` and develop my portfolio site with the following items:

-   A navbar

-   A responsive layout

-   Responsive images

### Features

-   On an `xs` screen, content should take up the entire screen. On `sm` and larger screens, you should have some margins on the left and right sides of the screen.

-   Navbar must be consistent on each page.

-   Navbar on each page must contain links to Home/About, Contact, and Portfolio pages.

-   All links must work.

-   Must use semantic html.

-   Furthermore, the Bootstrap portfolio should minimize the use of media queries.

#### Improvements

-   Navbar could be further improved with collapse button.

-   Image could be more fluid when changing screen sizes.
